README.md, before:

### To-Do:

- Add ARAM support
- Clean up UI
- More Riki rules
- Victory screen and win / loss animations
- Fix checkpoint warning
- Loot system
- Class system
- Bonus rounds
- Make rule text bigger on game page
- Add more comments to code

## Version 0.2.0

- Added loot items and loot drop rate slider
- Major refactoring of code structure
- Various bugfixes

## Version 0.1.3

- Fixed checkpoints not storing bug
- Fixed needing to click twice for round numbers and checkpoints

## Version 0.1.2

### Changes

- Added roll animation and sfx
- More bugfixes
- Win and Loss buttons only show after rolls
- Changed default round number to 5
- Rounds now randomise from start
- Added checkpoint markers to round labels
- Peristent checkpoints and rule selections
- Added page hyperlinks
- Added configuration clearance
- Added view custom rules

### Known Issues

- Must click twice to add new checkpoint
- Round number not reset when configuration is cleared

## Version 0.1.1

- Added Ambre rules
- Minor big fixes

## Version 0.1.0

Early alpha release supports:

- Custom rulesets and champion pools
- Custom round numbers
- Custom checkpoints
- Custom player numbers
- Randomised or selected round
- 11 premade rulesets

Commit message:

Overhaul of loot UI, various bugfixes

README.md, after:

### To-Do:

- Add ARAM support
- Clean up UI
- More Riki rules
- Victory screen and win / loss animations
- Fix checkpoint warning
- Loot system
- Class system
- Bonus rounds
- Make rule text bigger on game page
- Add more comments to code

## Version 0.2.1

- Overhauled loot UI and item naming, added flavour text and loot icons
- Bugfixes

## Version 0.2.0

- Added loot items and loot drop rate slider
- Major refactoring of code structure
- Various bugfixes

## Version 0.1.3

- Fixed checkpoints not storing bug
- Fixed needing to click twice for round numbers and checkpoints

## Version 0.1.2

### Changes

- Added roll animation and sfx
- More bugfixes
- Win and Loss buttons only show after rolls
- Changed default round number to 5
- Rounds now randomise from start
- Added checkpoint markers to round labels
- Peristent checkpoints and rule selections
- Added page hyperlinks
- Added configuration clearance
- Added view custom rules

### Known Issues

- Must click twice to add new checkpoint
- Round number not reset when configuration is cleared

## Version 0.1.1

- Added Ambre rules
- Minor big fixes

## Version 0.1.0

Early alpha release supports:

- Custom rulesets and champion pools
- Custom round numbers
- Custom checkpoints
- Custom player numbers
- Randomised or selected round
- 11 premade rulesets
